Update ee13b5 and 1a02b0 rules to clarify that transcript for video content does not need to be visible (#2187)
auto-wcag/auto-wcag: _rules/video-transcript-1a02b0.md

    failed: not satisfied
    passed: further testing needed
    inapplicable: further testing needed
  wcag20:1.3.1: # Info and Relationships (A)

>     secondary: This success criterion is **related** to this rule. This is because the absence of a transcript means that information conveyed through visual means in the video content remains inaccessible to certain users, thus creating inequality in communication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    secondary: This success criterion is **related** to this rule. This is because this criterion applies to a visible transcript.
```

Reviewer: Should 1.2.1 be added as secondary?
 wcag20:1.2.1: # Audio-only and Video-only (Prerecorded) Level A
    secondary: This success criterion is less strict than this rule. This is because this criterion does not require a transcript when the audio-only or video-only is a media alternative for text and is clearly labeled as such. Some of the failed examples may satisfy this success criterion.

Author: Added 1.2.1 as secondary requirement

## Expectation

> The visual information of each test target is available through a text transcript that is [included in the accessibility tree][], and is either on the page or linked.

Reviewer: Should the rule description on line 6 be edited to remove "audio and"?

> This rule checks that non-streaming `video` elements have all audio and visual information available in a transcript.

Author: I'm not sure, do we want to exclude informative audio from the transcription?

Reviewer: I added Passed Example 4 of a video with audio that has a transcript and captions. And Failed Example 4 that does not have a transcript.

Author: Thank you! Added to the rule. I think we can mark this point as resolved, isn't it?

</html>
```

#### Passed Example 3

This `video` element has a non-visible text transcript available on the same page.

```html
<html lang="en">
<video controls>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.mp4" type="video/mp4"></source>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.webm" type="video/webm"></source>
</video>
<p style="position:absolute; left:-9999px; top:auto; width:1px; height:1px; overflow:hidden;">The above video shows a giant fat rabbit climbing out of a hole in the ground.
He stretches, yaws, and then starts walking.
Then he stops to scratch his bottom.</p>
</html>
```

> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion

#### Passed Example 4

A video element with an associated track element that contains captions for all the audio and a transcript on the page.

```html
<html lang="en">
	<video src="/test-assets/perspective-video/perspective-video.mp4" controls>
		<track src="/test-assets/perspective-video/perspective-caption.vtt" kind="captions" />
	</video>
	<p>	Web Accessibility Perspectives: Keyboard Accessibility. Not being able to use your computer because your mouse doesn't work, is frustrating. (A computer user's mouse breaks when it falls off the desk.) Many people use only the keyboard to navigate websites. Either through preference or 		circumstance. (A person wearing a sling on her arm typing with one hand.) </p>
</html>
```
````

<video controls>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.mp4" type="video/mp4"></source>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.webm" type="video/webm"></source>
</video>
<p style="position:absolute; left:-9999px; top:auto; width:1px; height:1px; overflow:hidden;">The above video shows a giant fat rabbit climbing out of a hole in the ground.
He stretches, yaws, and then starts walking.
Then he stops to scratch his bottom.</p>
</html>
```

#### Passed Example 4

A video element with an associated track element that contains captions for all the audio and a transcript on the page.

```html
<html lang="en">
	<video src="/test-assets/perspective-video/perspective-video.mp4" controls>
		<track src="/test-assets/perspective-video/perspective-caption.vtt" kind="captions" />
	</video>
	<p>	Web Accessibility Perspectives: Keyboard Accessibility. Not being able to use your computer because your mouse doesn't work, is frustrating. (A computer user's mouse breaks when it falls off the desk.) Many people use only the keyboard to navigate websites. Either through preference or 		circumstance. (A person wearing a sling on her arm typing with one hand.) </p>
</html>

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````

</html>
```

#### Failed Example 3
This `video` element has a text transcript available on the same page, but the transcript is not [included in the accessibility tree][].

> ```html

Reviewer 2: ````suggestion
#### Failed Example 3

This `video` element has a text transcript available on the same page, but the transcript is not [included in the accessibility tree][].

```html
````

<html lang="en">
<video controls>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.mp4" type="video/mp4"></source>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.webm" type="video/webm"></source>
</video>
<p aria-hidden="true">The above video shows a giant fat rabbit climbing out of a hole in the ground.
He stretches, yaws, and then starts walking.
Then he stops to scratch his bottom.</p>
</html>
```

> 

Reviewer 3: This collides with the changes made in #2064.

Author: Thanks for catching that. Requested more details in #2186

Reviewer: [This PR](https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/pull/2064/files#diff-41eff5772818db1bedbdd0cbb88ffa9fc1447434070c9a384ca375da9b5560b1) is removing "included in the accessibility tree" from the expectation. This will be a passed example since a transcript is available. 

https://github.com/act-rules/act-rules.github.io/issues/2186#issuecomment-2138307889

Reviewer 2: This PR is the correct direction. We remove the change from 2064. AG decided that transcripts aren't strictly required to be visible.

</html>
```

#### Failed Example 3

This `video` element has a text transcript available on the same page, but the transcript is not [included in the accessibility tree][].

```html
<html lang="en">
<video controls>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.mp4" type="video/mp4"></source>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.webm" type="video/webm"></source>
</video>
<p aria-hidden="true">The above video shows a giant fat rabbit climbing out of a hole in the ground.
He stretches, yaws, and then starts walking.
Then he stops to scratch his bottom.</p>
</html>
```

> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion

#### Failed Example 4

A video element with audio does not have a text transcript.

```html
<html lang="en">
	<video src="/test-assets/perspective-video/perspective-video.mp4" controls>
		<track src="/test-assets/perspective-video/perspective-caption.vtt" kind="captions" />
	</video>
</html>
```
````

</html>
```

#### Failed Example 3

This `video` element has a text transcript available on the same page, but the transcript is not [included in the accessibility tree][].

```html
<html lang="en">
<video controls>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.mp4" type="video/mp4"></source>
  <source src="/test-assets/rabbit-video/video.webm" type="video/webm"></source>
</video>
<p aria-hidden="true">The above video shows a giant fat rabbit climbing out of a hole in the ground.
He stretches, yaws, and then starts walking.
Then he stops to scratch his bottom.</p>
</html>
```

#### Failed Example 4

A video element with audio does not have a text transcript.

```html
<html lang="en">
	<video src="/test-assets/perspective-video/perspective-video.mp4" controls>
		<track src="/test-assets/perspective-video/perspective-caption.vtt" kind="captions" />
	</video>
</html>

> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```

````
